yes i see
i understand but it has to be done by
friday
is that possible
good good it's very important we'll be
in touch
thank you goodbye
mrs lee you've got an exceptional cv
well thank you mr stevens i don't quite
understand
why you left spectre according to this
you were in a position of considerable
responsibility
that's true i was very satisfied with my
job
at the beginning i had a very
prestigious position
and many high-profile projects were sent
my way
however once spector was taken over by a
japanese multinational
things just took a turn to the worse my
boss was let go
many of my colleagues was transferred
and
i was relieved of my duties and of
course
well maybe i shouldn't tell you
please do no reason to be afraid
well the truth is i just didn't get
along with my new boss
i appreciate your frankness sincerity
is one of the main qualities that i look
for in my employees
but tell me mrs lee how are your
bookkeeping
invoicing and administrative skills
excellent i would say but i wanted to
speak to you about
and are you familiar with the publishing
market
uh yes to a certain degree
but as i was saying ever since i was a
child i've always been fascinated by
you can tell me about your dreams at
another time mrs lee
currently we're busy with our year-end
balance sheet
and i need a well-trained assistant to
prepare an assessment of our
administrative expenses
and to study our assets and liabilities
you
considering your experiences appear to
be a perfect fit
well thank you mr stevens but once
this emergency has blown over i was
wondering if perhaps you could take me
into consideration
as a as a yes as
an author i'm quite talented
my literature professor at university
used to encourage me this is not a
school mrs lee
i got in touch with you to speak to you
about
our marketing office that's what i'd
like to hire you for
please don't be offended
but keep your dreams to yourself for the
moment
as far as books are concerned we can get
started on the bookkeeping immediately
certainly but later we'll see
we'll see
excuse me my name's victoria lee today's
my first day at work and i'd like to
know
great
great way to start where is everybody mr
stevens told me i was going to meet my
new colleagues
and they were going to explain
everything i wonder if i've come to the
wrong department
ah you must be the new arrival pleasure
to meet you i'm rachel the pleasure's
all mine my name's victoria lee
mr stevens asked me to show you the
office and explain everything
so over there is the facts in the
photocopier
this is your desk and computer um what
else
oh yes you'll find a coffee machine down
the hall but please
remember a few breaks and please keep
them short
this gentleman is gary reynolds head of
marketing
how do you do i'm victoria mr stevens
tells me that we're going to be working
closely together i must say it's quite a
pleasure to spend so much time with such
a lovely young lady
happily married woman married with a son
as a matter of fact
well done victoria let him know who's
who
gary's the kind of guy who can't control
himself
with attractive women thank you for the
compliment rachel
let's get down to work
here's an analysis of last year's
investments
as you can see we've consistently
improved our bottom line in all sectors
even if as far as i'm concerned we need
to move more aggressively into the
market
what exactly do you mean well improve
our e-commerce play for example
um let's imagine for a moment that
pilgrim were to develop an advanced
online catalog that would allow users to
purchase directly online don't you think
that this way we could dramatically cut
our distribution costs certainly but
what does mr stevens think
well he's a bit old school in his way of
thinking
according to his world view we should
focus on sales through more traditional
channels
i on the other hand would be thrilled if
you saw things more along my lines
why don't we develop a realistic
marketing strategy that includes
possible e-commerce earnings
uh perhaps we could convince them
together
i'm afraid i can't at the moment gary
i've got to focus on the bookkeeping to
begin with
listen uh why don't we have a little
dinner together tonight and then
continue working at my house
i'm married remember gary
[Music]
statistics accounts reports not much has
changed from spectre
and i was hoping for a more creative
position
oh hello you must be the new hire i'm
anne baxter
i'm victoria lee i recognize your name
have we met before
i don't think so or perhaps we met at
the red lion pub
i often go there with my friends no it
doesn't sound familiar
actually i have a son so i don't get out
much but still i've heard your name
before
just a moment now i remember we met on
the telephone when i was still working
at spectre
we both had that problem with our
courier fast
oh yes oh yes i remember now
you were having problems with a shipment
to
to china gosh what a coincidence
well who would have ever thought we
would end up working together so
how are things going well it's still too
early to say today's my first day at
work well
i presume you've already met gary yes
earlier we're working on a project
together and i
bet he's already invited you out to
dinner yes as a matter of fact
and he's probably told you that he loves
working with
charming young girls such as yourself
yes and how do you know
he always uses the same line he did the
same with me
how original well i'm pleased that
you've joined us here and well
i hope we'll become great friends yes
well i'm
sure we will you're very nice and
who knows maybe that telephone call was
[Music]
destiny
who's in charge of delivery to the blue
moon bookshop
uh annandai why they've just telephoned
complaining that they haven't received
anything yet well that's impossible
i sent the delivery five days ago that's
just it
i don't understand what could have
happened the merchandise should have
arrived by now
and call the shipping agents to find out
what's up
hello am i speaking to fast shipping
this is anne baxter from pilgrim
publishing i'd like to follow
up on the merchandise we sent five days
ago
sorry that's impossible
there must be some mistake you can't
have delivered it
our client has just telephone saying
that they haven't received anything yet
okay okay i'll take a look at the
paperwork and get back to you
bye-bye fast claims
that the goods were signed for by the
consignee
rachel go get the bill of lading
we need to look into what caused this
mistake
gary are you sure you provided the exact
address
certainly i still remember it it's 35
lafayette avenue orange
that's it all right what about the duty
do you remember paying it duty excuse me
mr stevens but we're eu members and not
required to pay duty merchandise is free
to move between the member states
and duty is no longer required nor is
documentation
eu what does europe have to do with it
excuse me but orange is in france isn't
it good god gary
blue moon is in orange but
not in france orange is a city in
massachusetts
usa call the bookshop
immediately what an idiot that's why i
paid less
on freight charges and was budgeted
hello pilgrim publishing this is anne
baxter how may i help you
hello this is victoria lee i'm calling
in regards to the shipment
i was wondering if you had any news yet
yes
actually i was just about to call you
unfortunately there's been a
misunderstanding
uh but don't worry we are taking care of
things on our end
and you should receive the goods very
soon could you tell me exactly what's
happened
my boss is extremely upset the shipping
documents were in order
according to the bill of lading the
supply should have already arrived
can you explain why the merchandise is
blocked in the custom warehouse
customs oh
no you see i'm afraid there's been a
slight problem
in addressing the goods and they've been
sent to a destination in france instead
of massachusetts
france massachusetts what are you
talking about
the merchandise was destined for china
china
excuse me um are you the owner of the
blue moon in
orange massachusetts no i'm not
i work for spectre we're a multinational
sporting goods manufacturer
i'm speaking with fast shipping well
actually no this is
pilgrim publishing i'm afraid you've got
the wrong number
but we do have something in common
we both use the same career
life is funny i dial the wrong number
and who do i call a publishing house
maybe it's fate nice young woman as well
what was her name anne baxter that's
right
we use the same couriers and are both
having problems with deliveries
what a strange coincidence mrs lee
have you spoken with fast shippers yet
not yet the number's always busy we have
to figure out what's happened
this delivery delay is costing us a lot
of money
the courier assured us that the
merchandise didn't have to pass through
customs that it would have left their
warehouse with the customs bill
already compiled without any additional
customs requirements
that's right considering the shipping
costs they're so high because they
include all
international delivery costs such as
transit
loading and unloading assembly and
warehouse storage costs
just a moment i've got it
did you remember to attach the
certificate of origin mrs lee
the certificate of origin i don't really
know what that is
it's never been required for our
shipments the certificate of
origin is that document which states the
merchandise's country of origin for
customs purposes
it's absolutely necessary for companies
doing business in countries which don't
belong to the eu
provided upon customs officials request
and china
is one of those countries i'm sorry mrs
collins
i didn't know i swear it up until now
i've never taken care of
shipments this is going to be one very
expensive mistake
oh by the way i'll be taking our losses
caused by this delay
out of your salary
oh hi victoria
why we're until the meeting this morning
which meeting
the meeting the mrs collins called
with all the department heads to come to
grips with the situation
and i quote to discuss the means with
which we can improve
both production and company efficiencies
no one told me anything
i bet she did that on purpose my darling
boss
she wanted to get back at me for a
mistake i made on a shipment
she always keeps me out of the loop on
all the important developments and makes
me do the work of a secretary
i hate her come on victoria chin up
things will get better i'm not sure
about that paul
anyway tell me what did you discuss at
the meeting
well you can imagine the tone
the mrs collins used she prefers cold
and distant
she urged us all to work even harder
to overcome this difficult moment for
the company
according to her we should be working 24
365. listen to this
she told the warehouse manager to
calculate the efficiency of workers more
precisely
as they go about their tasks and if
necessary
to lengthen their hours then she invited
mr rover
the personal director to evaluate the
necessity of any new hiring
she told him that from now on each
and every short-term or long-term plan
must first be evaluated and approved by
her
i always said she was a dictator yeah
and she claims that we should be
delighted at her flexibility
and the many corporate heads she knows
would jar result with a huge personnel
cuts
to improve the situation oh what an
understanding woman
you bet
then she added the companies need
to meet deadlines and to work within
strict budget
in order to keep clients satisfied and
remain competitive in the market
finally referring to you
she reminded us all the delays and
errors in projects
are absolutely unacceptable
what are you doing victoria are you
taking notes
no i'm writing my letter of resignation
paul don't tell me this is true
are you really gonna leave yes paul
i just can't stay here since mrs collins
has arrived
the work climate has become unbearable
she never misses an opportunity to
humiliate me and to assign me the most
demeaning tasks
and what are you going to do now well
i've got in touch with a number of
companies
this afternoon for example i have an
interview
with a publishing house publishing house
you're not going to become an author are
you precisely
you know it's always been a dream of
mine i don't think the interview is
going to focus on my
literary talents but
paul you look awful what's the matter
i'm a bit concerned about things
we're having a meeting with the major
shareholders of spectre
to take a look at the balance sheets and
is that a problem
well as you know the ear and balance
sheets
provide an overview of the economical
fiscal and fiduciary effectiveness
of our management and i certainly hope
that scrutinizing the books won't
uncover inconvenient discrepancies
that could lead to a change over company
leadership
what exactly are you referring to
as you know things haven't been rosy
lately
even if there has been a slight
improvement in share prices
during the last quarter however at the
same time
the outstanding debts to our suppliers
have also increased in other words our
revenues don't
cover our expenses the situation is
serious then
that's right i'm afraid we'll need to
resort to additional
outside financing i've been calculating
the various
balance sheets entries to understand
what's causing our debts
and try to develop a plan of attack to
get our weak points under control
the results are anything but encouraging
as you well know
the solidity and integrity of our
financial core
assets are indispensable to keeping our
production capabilities intact
and revenues flowing i
certainly wouldn't want to be in your
shoes at the meeting
no kidding i'm predicting lightning and
thunder
i wish i didn't have to participate
perhaps
i could come down with a sudden case of
flu
or something how about kidney
inflammation accompanied by
high fever caused by a highly contagious
virus
mysteriously present in the company
your but now that you won't be here
i'll have to double the work by the way
they don't happen to need someone else
at the publishing house you were
speaking about
so you're a secret author as well no
but i can do a lot of things for example
use a computer make photocopies
send faxes that should be enough
shouldn't it
what a clown i'm gonna miss your jokes
paul
can you very easy right can you
clean the house for me
can you clean the house for me i want
you to
clean the house for me so i make a
request
can you clean the house for me
can you clean the
house for me can you clean the house
for me number two could you
d and y together we can link them
together we say
could you could you tell me
the answer to this question
i want to know the answer of this
question so i make a request
i ask you could you tell me
the answer here these hours so we have
to pronounce
the not the could you tell me the answer
to this question
remember uh not here t i o in here
if they are up to s we pronounce
chin so question remember not question
okay could you tell me
the answer to this
question could you tell me the answer to
this question
for number three we use would you
would you buy that watch
for me that watch watch
to look at the time buy that
watch for me would you buy that watch
for me
number four uh remember from number four
to number 12 they are more formal more
polite
which you might and then remember after
which you might
we use verb in not to verb
would you mind turning the tv off
turn off that means to close
i don't want to watch the tv anymore so
i want to
turn it off and if you want to watch the
tv you have to turn it
on okay turning
the tv off would you mind turning the tv
off
number five would you be
able to be able just like cam
um would you be able to
lend me some money if you
lend me some money that means i borrow
some money from you i don't have money i
want to
buy or to use for something and i have
to borrow from you and when i have the
money i will give it back to you
so you lend me and i borrow from you
would you be able to lend me some money
would it be possible for you to open the
door for me
number seven i wonder you know that
means i
um i think i asked myself
i wonder if you could
keep silent please keep silent
that means you don't say anything you
you don't talk you don't say anything
eight if you don't mind
if you don't mind could you
if you if you don't mind
that means if i don't bother you if you
don't mind
would you close the
window close the window
if you don't mind could you close the
window
nine if it's
okay now if it fits link them together
if it's not too much trouble trouble
just like
a problem or difficulty
if it's not too much trouble could you
help me
with this with and then this okay
two and then you link them together you
just say one
with this with this help me with this
um if it's not too much
trouble could you link them together
help me with this
if it's not too much trouble could you
number 10 i'd really
appreciate it if
you could turn the music down
i'd that means i would really
appreciate appreciate
that means to feel grateful to thank you
for something
turn the music down that means to
turn uh the volume of
the something doubt to reduce the volume
of the music ah now
i'd really uh pre
she ate appreciate
it appreciate it link them together
if you could turn the music
down i'd really appreciate it
if you could turn the music down
eleven do you think you could
get me some coffee uh get me that means
to buy
if you get something for somebody that
means you buy something for somebody
get me some coffee do you think you
could get me some coffee
12. sorry to bother you
bother that means just like my mother
that means to
to sorry to annoy you
okay so sorry to bother you
but could you stop smoking please
sorry to bother you but could you
stop smoking stop and then
burp in that means you um
you don't do something else anymore stop
smoking please and if you use stop and
then
two verb that means you stop doing this
action to do something else but you you
start with ripping that miss you
you you don't do it anymore so
sorry to bother you but could you stop
smoking please
the coffee is too hot to drink
the coffee is too hard to drink
this one my husband
this is a hus this is
a then husband easier
we match together either tour guide
iei guide my husband
is a tour guide my husband is a tour
guide
now shoe ensure
i want to buy a new
pair of shoes
this is shoe with no s but this one with
s a pair that means two oh
okay so remember to add s here
now shoe i want to buy
a new pair of shoes i want to buy a new
pair of shoes
sure sure are you
sure about that are you sure about that
are you sure about that this one
pooh poor
i lost on the
pools last week the pools here that
means all kind
of gambling uh like before the soccer or
the football match
uh you can say the result of
that soccer match and after the game if
the result that you say is correct you
can win
a lot of money okay so that is called
the pools
i lost on the pools last week
poor he came a
a came from a poor
family he came from a poor family
he came from a poor family